So reluctant
Mr. Lu, I have broken up with Xu Yunchen
I hope you can keep the promise.
Break up, just leave me here
Junmujia
Warm this little wife
He is still secretly seducing Sister Lu behind his back
Doesn't seem to teach him a lesson
He is not good at learning
warmth
News from the hospital
Say your mother is not in good health
Say what?
Yes
It's your hands and feet, right?
Pay attention to your attitude
I paid for a kidney transplant
I also sent an expert to treat him well
Now he is not living up to his expectations.
There was rejection.
How can you blame me?
Just because
So ungrateful
Saying thank you ma'am instead framed ma'am
Now.